Common terminologies used in Performance Testing:

Performance testing - is a practice conducted to determine how a system performs in terms off responsiveness and stability under a particular workload.



Connection time - time it takes a request reach the server from the client

Response time - time it takes the response reach the client from the server

Throughput - indicated the number of transaction per second an application can handle, the amount of transactions produced over time during a test.

scenarios - sequence of steps in your application.

bottleneck - single part of a system that prevents further processing.

capacity - degree to which a system can perform data processing until performance degrades.

concurrency - number of simultaneous virtual users driving transactions across the user journeys in a given performance test scenario, but can also means the number of transactions synchronized to happen at exactly the same point.

Key performance indicators (KPI) - set of targets which set the expected performance targets within the production system.

Load testing - used to evaluate the behavior of the system or component when the load on the system progressively increases up to and including peak levels

non-functional requirements (NFRs) - requirements the do not relate to the functioning of the system, but to other aspect of system such as reliability, usability and performance.

performance engineering - activities designed to ensure a system will be designed and implemented to meet specific non functional requirements.

performance test plan - written document that detail the objectives, scope, approach, deliverables, schedule, risks, data and test environment needs for testing on a specific project.

performance testing - testing designed to determine the performance level of a system. 

reliability - degree to which a system provides the same result for the same action over time under load.

scalability - degree to which a systems performance and capacity can be increased typically by increasing available hardware resources within a set of servers.

soak testing - type of performance testing use to evaluate the behavior of a system or component when the system is subjected to expected load over a sustained period of time.

spike testing - type of performance testing use to evaluate the behavior of a system or component when the system is subjected to a large short-term changes in demand.

stability - a degree to which a system exhibits failures and errors when under normal usage.

stress testing - type of performance testing used to evaluate the behavior of a system or component when subjected to load beyond the anticipated workload or by reducing resources the system can use such as CPU or memory.

Transaction volume model (TVM) - a document detailing the user journeys to be simulated, the click-path steps that make up the ser journeys and associated load volume models to be tested.

User journey - the path through the system under test that a group of virtual users will use to simulate real users. 

virtual user - a simulated user that performs actions as a real user would during the execution of a test.

 

